.\" Copyright (C) 2008 Flavio Percoco Premoli.
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this; if not write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston MA 02110-1301 USA
'\"
.TH mouseTrap 1 "1 July 2008"
.SH NAME
mouseTrap \- Accessible Mouse Pointer Controller
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mouseTrap
.RI [ option... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mouseTrap 
is mouse pointer controller for people with movement impairments,
and provides a complete access to the mouse pointer main functions
as well as interaction with other asistive technologies.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-e " cam|main-window
.TP
.BI "--enable=" cam|main-window
When starting
.BR mouseTrap ,
force the enabling of the supplied options.
.TP
.BI "\-d " cam|main-window
.TP
.BI "--disable=" cam|main-window
When starting
.BR mouseTrap ,
force the disabling of the supplied options.
.TP
.B \-?, \-h, \--help
Show the help 
message of this release of the 
.B mouseTrap
program.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Return the 
.B mouseTrap 
version number.
.TP
.B \-q, --quit
Quit 
.BR mouseTrap .
.SH AUTHOR
.B mouseTrap 
is being developed and manteined by:
.TP
Flavio Percoco Premoli [ A.K.A] FlaPer87
.\".SH SEE ALSO
.\"The
.\".B mouseTrap
.\"wiki at
.\".UR http://live.gnome.org/mouseTrap
.\"<http://live.gnome.org/mouseTrap>
.\".UE
.\".P
.\"The
.\".B mouseTrap
.\"mailing list mouseTrap-list@gnome.org
